Metal: Refactor; fix dynamic uniforms; acyclic render graph support (#114484)
godotengine/godot: thirdparty/README.md

- `0001-msvc-2019-psa-redeclaration.patch` ([GH-90535](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/90535))

## metal-cpp

- Upstream: https://developer.apple.com/metal/cpp/
- Version: 26.0 (2025)
- License: Apache 2.0

Download metal-cpp_26.zip from https://developer.apple.com/metal/cpp/:

> - run update-metal-cpp.sh <path to the downloaded zip> to extract the relevant files and apply patches

Reviewer: Best not hardcode the zip name with version in the instructions as you'll have to update it each time otherwise.
```suggestion
Update instructions:

- Download the latest metal-cpp ZIP from https://developer.apple.com/metal/cpp/
- Run `update-metal-cpp.sh <path to ZIP>` to extract the relevant files and apply patches.
```
